http://feeds.feedburner.com/newsyc100 hacker-news
https://www.schneier.com/blog/atom.xml schneier-on-security
http://feeds.adweek.com/adweek/all-news adweek
http://a16z.com/feed/ andreessen-horowitz
http://animalnewyork.com/feed/ animal
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index/ ars-technica
http://feeds.feedburner.com/avc avc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/brainpickings/rss brain-pickings
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror coding-horror
http://www.creativeapplications.net/feed/ creative-applications
http://www.fastcompany.com/rss.xml fast-company
http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/feed/ fivethirtyeight
https://gigaom.com/feed/ gigaom
http://analytics.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default google-analytics-blog
https://labs.ideo.com/feed/ ideo-labs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GVLibrary google-ventures-library
http://feeds.feedburner.com/journalistsresource journalist-s-resource
http://www.technologyreview.com/stream/rss/ mit-technology-review
http://mlwave.com/feed/ mlwave
http://feeds.feedburner.com/NiemanJournalismLab nieman-journalism-lab
http://googleblog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default official-google-blog
http://pandodaily.com.feedsportal.com/c/35141/f/650422/index.rss pandodaily
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheAtlantic the-atlantic
http://plausiblethought.net/feed.xml plausible-thought
http://qz.com/feed/ quartz
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/subtraction subtraction-com
http://www.theguardian.com/education/rss the-guardian
http://www.newyorker.com/feed/news the-new-yorker
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/thenextweb the-next-web
http://www.theverge.com/rss/index.xml the-verge
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tommaso-nervegna way-out
https://www.yahoo.com/tech/rss yahoo-tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/platformed platform-thinking
http://www.themediabriefing.com/rss/media-briefing-themediabriefing-analysis.xml the-media-briefing
http://www.project-syndicate.org/rss project-syndicate
http://www.wired.com/feed/ wired
http://www.vice.com/en_uk/rss vice
http://www.newstatesman.com/feeds_allsite/site_feed.php new-statesman
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/business/rss.xml bbc
http://www.nytimes.com/services/xml/rss/nyt/Africa.xml new-york-times
http://www.economist.com/sections/business-finance/rss.xml the-economist
http://www.nasa.gov/rss/dyn/breaking_news.rss nasa
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AeonMagazineEssays aeon-magazine
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/time/10questions time
http://rss.sciam.com/ScientificAmerican-Global scientific-american
http://www.newscientist.com/feed/feeds new-scientist
https://feeds.feedburner.com/marginalrevolution/feed marginal-revolution
http://www.forbes.com/real-time/feed2/ forbes